our life is a race
we have been advancing
was born
we have a route
and it's only forwards
Can not go back, can not
go back
but the thing of life we ​​go
learning
here only if
who has the energy
only those who have conditioning
in case of running my problems
start inflation
my heart
gets faster and my feet
They want me to give up beat focus
goal
being the author of life is just like that
who has no focus on whom the pearl
who do not have
kind of dinner thing happened
and sometimes
we have some small or
big but everyone is aiming
to use our route is raining
conditions are not ideal, ideal for
my body would stop or even try
circumvent jump an obstacle
but mine is the sea you remember
that once the people of God is
so found behind day in front of
The sea ​​god can open the sea
any time he wants you can have
assurance
most of the things god will do
in your life depend on your attitude
in my case this obstacle it can not
Stop me, I can not be a
of those obstacles because the prize
the victory will be tainted by something that
I jumped but I have learned that
usually after an obstacle
usually have a prize that I can
jump
discover here in addition to your stock of
something that will still give strength and energy
So I keep going as far as I can.
I know that I get the word I have to
you
today is what happens
be the enemies that before you
I'm going after you, it's difficult the past
The walk does not stop , it does not stop .
grow and will not be due to distortions
can not believe that in the front
even though your eyes of the clarity of
give this powerful god game now
preach that the victories are only for whom
does not give up
For those who run and run I do not know how
your problems will remain but my
let's not reach because God who
called
is God who has enabled me increases
my strength and when I think that I
I can not anymore
he comes with his powerful hand had
private